Colonel Frank G. This is a test, this is a test. This
is an interview with Colonel Frank G. Anderson,
head coach, Texas A&M Track, 1922 to 1935, 1946 to
1957, and Commandant of the Corps of Cadets, 1935
to 1937.
This is a test. This is the 26th of July, 1983. This
is Terry Anderson. 26th of July, 1983. This is a
test. So can we start there? Yes. Okay, this is an
interview with Frank G. Anderson at his home and
college station. And we are going to start off
talking about how you got to A&M. I know it dealt
with Mr. Bibles. Are we ready? Yeah. Before we talk
about A&M, I would like to include the name of D.X.
Bob in my past history. He was my prep school coach
back in Tennessee at Brandon Training School. I
graduated from White County High School up at
Sparta, Tennessee. I made a good many touchdowns.
Two touchdowns was against a school named
Fitzgerald Clark. And at that time, it was a young
coach beginning his career there. And
I scored four touchdowns against his team. Right
over in the adjoining county there was another
young coach having his first year at Shelbyville,
Tennessee.
They played each other.
I made enough touchdowns against this team, this
prep school team, Fitzgerald and Clark, at
Tallahoma. I made four touchdowns playing on the
White County High School team. I didn't have any
money to go to college. I was offered a $40 job as
freight clerk in the depot. at the end of a branch
line on the railway. But then, thank goodness, a
boy, the son of the headmaster at Brandon Training
School,
the son came up there and recruited me to go an extra
year in prep school. I didn't, as I say, I had very
few prospects of ever going to college, and so I
thought maybe if I went down there and did pretty
well, maybe somebody would offer me a scholarship
or help me get a job to have a scholarship. So I went
down there, and then this young coach down there in
his first year, D. X. Bible,
was just a fine young man. He was a good Christian
man, Baptist Church, and he taught a Sunday school
class at Shelbyville. And it just so happened that
the preacher at this Baptist church, happened to
be a graduate from Mississippi College, which is
kind of the Baylor of Mississippi, and they were
looking for a coach. And Coach Bible did real well,
and I did pretty well, too, I guess, because he
says, boy, you're going to college with me. So I
went to college with DX Bible down there and we had a
very fine year. He stayed there three years and he
did so well that the people out at A&M heard about
him and they gave him a job. He came over here and he
did real well for two or three years. His team's
already been scored on. Both he and I, though, went
into World War I, and when the World War I was over, I
had finished my time at Mississippi College. We
had won the state championship. We had beaten
Tulane. We had scored on Alabama. And we beat
Mississippi State, and we never did lose the
University of Mississippi. One time we beat that
team 74 to 7, where you believe it or not, we did it.
And so, D.X.
then, he was just getting started over here, and he
had just been here before the war as a freshman
coach, I guess. Maybe one year more than that. But
he wasn't athletic director until one year after
the war was over. I went back to Mississippi
College after the war was over. I'm now a major in
the Army. I happened to go in there as a captain. I
guess I was the only captain in World War I that had
never had a uniform on or saluted anybody. But
he offered me a position. He said, you go on coach at
Mississippi College one year and then come on out
there and be my freshman coach. Now I have covered
that tile up to explain how I got here and who
brought me here. That was my best friend in the
world, the ex-bible. Can you describe the type of
person? Can you describe what type of person Bible
was? Would you describe him? Oh, as I said, he was a
fine enough character back in Shelbyville,
Tennessee that that preacher at that Baptist
school where he taught that Sunday school class
recommended him in every way to go and said, you
better hire the man. He went down there and he
impressed them and they offered him the job. He
stayed with that job for three years.
Could you tell me a little bit about World War I,
your experience in World War I? Well, Mississippi
College furnished a rifle company to the
Confederacy. When World War I broke out, they
wanted a unit into the army. And this good old
patriotic president just, he just practically
got us all to, who were at least wanted to, enough to
form a battery of field artillery. These boys
elected their own captain. They elected me
captain. And the reason they elected me captain, I
had scored lots of touchdowns in football. I
happened to be a class president. over there and I
might have made a mistake in leaving Mississippi
because if I stayed there I believe I could have
been elected to the governor of the state. Later on
one of the boys I coached was elected to the
governor of the state and that over there. Now
the war is over. Where did you go in the war? Did you
go to Europe? Oh yes, I was in the artillery, he was
in the air force. And we were over there a year. You
were in France? In France, yes. Okay, can we stop
just for a minute? Okay. Now let's continue as soon
as the war is over.
DX had a little...
summer get-together, his sister and a friend, a
girl from Texas, he and I were at a little summer
resort for a few days and he offered me the job to
come out here. But he says, I can't, I'm not in
charge for one year. After one year, the man who's
on the job will be gone and I'll have his place. And
so I took that job for a year and then I came out here
as his freshman coach in 1920. Now,
Mississippi College had never, had never scored
on Mississippi State or University of
Mississippi or Alabama or Tulane or those teams.
We played them a warm-up game for them, always, but
by golly, The first year we played Ole Miss, it was a
7-7 tie. The next year, we just mercilessly
slaughtered them, as I've told you. The score was
74-7. Then we went right on down, and
I just happened to make an 80-yard run against
Mississippi State. That game up there, his first
game and my first game in football, I guess
something happened that had never happened in a
football game. We led Mississippi State up on
their campus at the end of the half, 14 to nothing.
But we had gone up there with 14 players. We didn't
have a big squad. But he had only a guarantee of $250
and he had to clear a little money, so he goes up
there with with 12 men. No, with 14 men. That's
right, he had 14 men. And when you play both ways,
offensive and defensive, against a big squad,
you're in pretty good shape after that first half
is over with. And so with five minutes to play, They
were leading us 14 to 13, and we didn't have 11 men
that could stand up. And so we just go out of this
other team and said, Du Bois, you know we can't play
you anymore. You're ahead of us now. Let's quit.
They said, all right, we'll just quit. And we went
over and told the coaches that we had decided to
call the game off. And they were winning 14 to 13.
And that's the only time that ever happened to
them. history of college football on without a
doubt. Well then, next week we go down to Tulane.
There's a young coach down there by the name of
Shaughnessy. He
and Dix had all gone up to see old Doc Williams up at
Minnesota. He was a famous old coach. He was having
a coaching school. Well these two young freshman
college coaches, both getting ready to go to be a
college coach this coming year. One of them was
going to coach at Tulane, the other one was going to
coach at Mississippi College. They were going to
meet each other, so they put up a bet that when the
game was over in New Orleans that fall, that the
loser would pay for the supper. All right, we go
down there. Now I don't know, we had already played
Mississippi State a 14-13 game. I guess that's the
only part that got in. But this young coach down
there, Shaughnessy, decided that since he's
playing a team that never had done anything in the
past, except just fill in a date for a warm-up game.
He'd just go up to LSU and scout LSU, turn the game
over to his captain. Well, the poor guy was pretty
badly shocked when he came home and found his team
was beat. Well, I just happened to make a run there
in that game that the
people put it in the paper. We beat them. We beat
Kool-Aid. And of course next year the guy stayed at
home when we played him. We went down and beat him
again. So that's the way things went. So D. X.
Bottle got a job out here on account of his record
over there with a school that had never done
anything. Now, Bible's record here was
outstanding. And I was wondering why it was so
good. What were some of the things that he taught
his men? I mean, there were years in which no one
scored on his team. Or no one scored against him.
For two or three years. Yes, I was wondering why was
he so good? Did you know that his teams usually won
seven to nothing or fourteen or nothing or
fourteen or something? Yeah. He never scored any
scores much. He had a fine defense and some fine
kickers. And he just beat them that way. He beat
them on defense then. Yeah. Now we're going to come
back to A&M and A&M Athletics. OK.
DX's record was good. But DX did not believe in
giving anybody one cent to come to play on his team.
James Sullivan was more interested in bricks than
he was in equipment or anything else. He wanted to
build a stadium. Between the two of them, they
built a stadium. But between the two of them, they
ran completely out of material. Lusher Stark, a
rich old man, was taking care of Texas with some
help from some other people. The Dallas
businessmen were taking care of SMU. The Rice
people, certainly Rice is a fine great team, and
I'm not besmirching them any whatsoever. But
Houston probably helped them out too, you see. And
here we sat with not giving anybody anything.
Party X ran out of a team. He saw the handwriting on
the wall and he left A&M. He put them up and then he
let them slide down, but he let them slide down
because he was honestly
an amateur. He hadn't been used to, he helped me
out. He helped me out, but after one year he didn't
have to help me out much because I told those
people, get me that laundry job and let me pick up
the dirty shirts and collars and I'll make my way in
there. That's the kind of a scholarship I had over
there that first year. Well, so much for that. So
much for that.
Now,
I've
lost my line. Okay. I'd like to... find out about
when you became the head track coach in 1922. How
did that happen? You came over here in 1920 to be the
freshman baseball, basketball and track coach
and then in 1922 you became the head coach. I
haven't told you about Charlie Cummings and the
first thing that they gave us, first job. I would
just like to explain why I have tried to explain why
A&M didn't do too well in his latter years, but when
he left here and went to Nebraska, good old Matty
Bale came here as his successor.
But Matty didn't have anything. He actually let
things run out to nothing, just going down to where
we couldn't play a decent, Much more than a decent
high school team almost. But Matty Bell had... Why
did DX let this happen? Because he wouldn't give
anybody a dollar to come here. No scholarships.
Everybody out was bringing them in and he wasn't
bringing them in. He didn't want to bring them in.
Why didn't he want to? Because he was an amateur. He
believed that... He believed that... We
shouldn't hire athletes.
But when he left here to go to Nebraska, he realized
that he either had to quit coaching or do what the
others were doing. He went to Nebraska when they
were down, but he got all he could get at Nebraska.
And he built a team up there. that was a champion.
Texas heard about him, knew about him, they knew
about what he had done to them in the earlier years
here and they hired him to come back to Texas and
they were on the very bottom and he helped them back
up. And now we'll just have to say thank you to good
old DX and go on from there and take up Matty Bell.
When Matty came here, He had very, very little
talent. He had a little old backfield. I don't
think any of them were bigger than I am. And I
weighed about 140. And they were slow. And of
course he couldn't do any good. He didn't do any
good. After about three years, they fired Matty.
The first man under a scholarship when he came down
here was a boy by the name of Charlie Cummings. He
was a brown boy and a very fine football player. He
came out here, now Matty, is on the job. But DX and
Sully had got together and they promised the boy if
he'd come out here, they would pay him $25 to sweep
out to our field house. That's the first money that
A&M ever paid for an athlete. What year was that?
That was in the year of, it was Matty Bell's first
year. I would say it was, say, 33.
Just as a guess, I'd say that's what it was. Poor old
Charlie got ineligible. He didn't pass his work
and he lost his job and he lost his $25. Isn't that
something? Yeah, that's too bad. That's all the
money was spent when Matty Bill's first year was
$25 on Charlie Cummings and he didn't make the
grade. He didn't ever help us in it. Matty didn't
have a chance. And they fired that man without even
talking to him. He read it in the paper that he was
fired. I loved old Matty Bell. Why? Because he was
such a fine fella. He was a crackerjack coach
because he had beaten the heck out of us a number of
years before we brought him down here. That's when
we hired him. But if you don't win, you don't last.
Yeah.
Now,
next year up at SMU, you know what he did? Went to the
Rose Bowl.
That just shows us up. That showed up the people who
are running things down here. Farmer students
have got no business running outfits. Listen, as
track coach, I have never asked a former student
to give me a dollar for track. I've had Charlie
Babcock and Jimmy Williams who worked for Tyree
Bell at Dallas helped me land the first two boys I
ever gave scholarships to. Not the first two, I
gave a scholarship to another one before I did
them. Those two boys helped me win championships.
We wouldn't have won championships without those
two boys. But I gave only six full-time
scholarships in all of my time here. And I coached
13 years after they started giving scholarships.
We wouldn't have won without those people. We
never would have won a championship without those
six boys. But I never had over Two of them might have
been on the same team at one time, but they made the
difference. But the others were made by boys who
had never
won first places in a conference in the Texas meet.
The first athlete I ever had, I've been out of
coaching now, for a 12 year interval. I come back to
coaching. After the war was over I had that first
interval. I didn't do too well because of the life
in A&M College. They drove off more freshmen than
they kept in some outfits. My boys were The boys
that I would have recruited if I'd had any money to
recruit or try to talk into coming here didn't come
in most cases because they heard how rough and
tough A&M College was. And those that did come,
some of them got run off. Because of hazing? On
account of hazing, yes. A&M
was a fraternity. As long as it was just a military
school, it was a fraternity. That fraternity had
lasted 12 years, one full year. Some kids couldn't
take it. We have had people start in with 35
freshmen and end up with 10.
I couldn't win with this school. against other
schools who are now going out and giving track men
scholarships.
I wouldn't have taken the job, I don't think it's
common then,
if we'd had a chance at the boys. But upperclassmen
would respect the football freshmen. But a poor
track freshman. What the heck with track? That's
no sport. They'd just give him just like they would
any other freshman and here's a boy that was good
enough to win a mile back there and he's up here, he
wants some good for nothing sophomore paddling
him or doing what they want to do with him. Well,
they just won't take it. The sons of these people
who were my first years out here didn't come when
their daddies talked about A&M College and what
they had to go through. Rough stuff, real stuff,
Texas A&M. That was their yell and that was their
life.
Let's talk about those years when you were the
first, during the 1920s. Tell me about during the
1920s. Now we'll go into
what
you, from 1920 on. We didn't- How did you become the
head track coach? In 1921, I came out here in 20, in
the spring of 21, I was assistant track coach. But
back in high school, I was the champion pole
vaulter of the state of Tennessee in 1912. And I was
a good sprinter.
They, uh,
Oh, to heck, where am I? How did you become the head
track coach? I was interested in track in other
words. Yes, yes, I know. Rothgeb had been a track
man on the University of Illinois. He was DX's
line coach.
I learned a lot of track from him. I was a track man in
high school, but I learned a lot of track from him,
and I had the job after one year as his assistant in
track. What happened to him? He stayed here for
four years, and then he and somebody else went down
to Rice, left us to go to Rice. In those days now, DX
was, we had three coaches. DX was head football
coach, He also coached basketball. Rothkopf
coaches baseball. I coach track. So then for 12, 12
or 13 years I was, that was the setup. When did you,
when, when and how did the position of athletic
director come about? I never have been athletic
director. I know you haven't, but when did that
come about? Do you remember? Well, they always had
an athletic director here. D.X. was athletic
director. He was athletic director and... Matty
Bell was athletic director. Always the football
coach was athletic director. I see. We have never
had it otherwise. And it is a rotten way to be. Why? A
school as big as this ought to have an athletic
director. It didn't coach anything. You can't
tell me that all
sports are... equally handled
if the... I like this football coach. I don't want
to antagonize him, but I say that any big school
ought to have an athletic director who coached
nothing. But he ought to have been a fine athlete.
He ought to have known athletics. But now that's
just my opinion. That's my opinion, and a pretty
strong opinion too. but I've been able to get along
with all the athletic directors here. I got along
mighty fine with Burr Bryant.
I've got a funny story to tell you about Burr. When
he came here and talking to him, I just brought up,
the subject came up and I thought he had heard about
it and I said, that's the reason I resigned. He
said, you did what? I said, well they published in
the paper that when you came you could make a clean
sweep of the whole deal here and I just decided I
wouldn't let, I'd make it easier on you and I'd just
resign.
And, which I did. Honestly, I did. I said, here I've
stayed here all these years and I've done pretty
well because we had already won six championships
in those other years. And
we went and fell to third one time. Now, so when he
said, you did what? I said, yes. I did, but I told
them at the time, I didn't want to leave. I love it
here, but by golly, I'm not going to let them fire
me, so I'm resigning. And old Bones Irvin, who was
then the athletic director, said, now Frank, you
know they didn't mean you. I said, well, they said
so. They said he'd make a clean sweep, and I'm in the
department. I said, all right now, Bones, I've
been here. I've been here all these years. I've
subsidized track. I've taken boys in my car and
gone to Chicago for two of them and you give me $50 to
do it. I've taken sandwiches and gone halfway to
the drug relays and going to the border Olympics
and things like that and you haven't paid me
anything. I stayed here when they offered me more
money to go to Rice. Now you just go over to Texas
University and find out what they're paying Clyde
Littlefield. We have beaten him six out of the last
seven years.
By golly, I'm as good as he is. You go there and find
out what they're paying him, and I'll stay. And
they did it. And I told that story to Paul Bryant.
And he says, how much they paying you? I told him,
it's not enough.
So he gave me a little raise. Isn't that a good
story? Oh, Lordy. Now, now. I was wondering why you
resigned from the head track coach back in 1935.
Why'd you decide to resign? Oh, the commandant had
gone. Yeah. I came out of World War I as a major, and
in the meantime I had done all the work necessary as
an active reserve officer. Went to camp every
summer and things like that. And I was now a full
colonel.
I've got a lot of trophies back there I want you to
look at before you leave.
So you worked your way up in the reserve. Yes. And
you were a full colonel by 1935. Yes, and so here's a
man that's gone and leaving them. And he told me
that this place is going to blow up. He did? What was
his name? He didn't like the way things were
running at A&M College. Why?
some outfits started in with 30 and ended up with
10. Now,
well, I'm not doing as well as I want to do in track. I
don't have a good chance and the school isn't
growing. I came out here, it was 1700, now after 12
years it's just 3500. But they're losing too many
people in the freshman class. I took that job with
my eyes wide open. I challenged the system. I'm the
first man to challenge this system. In what way?
Tell me about it. Well, when I first was here, I'm
the brand new commandant. We have a bonfire. Here
comes a very irate man in my office the morning
after the bonfire and those damn boys carried off
my log barn last night and put it on the bonfire.
I made them pay that man for that barn. I just called
the captain's end and said, you're going to pay for
it. Collect it up from your companies. I paid the
man. And I said, you're not going to build a bonfire
next year. I'm going to build a bonfire. And it's
going to be a legal bonfire. I took the bull ring.
The bull ring or the freshman now that didn't
carry, got caught carrying you some food in the
mess hall maybe. Or anything else they want to ram a
freshman for. Of course, they didn't want to ram
the freshmen for that, but old John King caught
food on the freshmen and he gave them eight rams.
Now that thing right there, now there's so many
other things that happened. Why don't you
continue about the legal bonfire? Yeah, the legal
bonfire. Next year I got some saws and axes and some
transportation from the building and grounds
department. And I took the bull ring. The bull ring
is composed of freshmen and maybe a few sophomores
who weren't necessarily breaking college
regulations but they're breaking student body
regulations. Well I took those kids out there and I
got on the end of the saw just like they did. Some up
and took my turns and we cut down enough old trees
and other trees between here and the airport
because in those days there wasn't anything but
trees on the other side of where the baseball
stadium is. And we built a bonfire of logs. When I
show you this picture in here, it's my brain child.
It's the same It's the same thing and all we had to do
that was one year and that started a new tradition
and that's my tradition. Not a bonfire but that
kind of bonfire, that's my baby because we built
it. And I told these boys you're not going to be
allowed to put one thing on that bonfire. If I catch
you putting the thing on that bonfire I'm going to
campus you during football season next year.
Because you just, I'm just going to allow you to
pill, they burned the faculty's wood piles, they
burned the outhouses, they burned anything they
could gather, plus what the merchants gave them,
old boxes and cartons and things like that. And
they made an excellent bonfire because they
caught fires so quick and burned up in the herd and
weren't so darn big. It's a shame they're burning
all these good logs, I love trees. I just had to do
something about that bonfire. Okay, what were
some of the other problems that you dealt with as
commandants? They used to have a silly thing of
throwing toilet paper. Sometimes at a game they'd
throw toilet paper and there was a lot of it there
and I told the boys, now you've got to quit throwing
that toilet paper.
And then I got him to wear the toilet paper. And I
remember this story. Now we're first trip, court
trip, going up to Fort Worth. I got on that special
car. I'm the commandant now. I'm the wife now. I got
the guess of the man who's running the railroad.
He's washing the car. I got him on that thing, and I
was thinking about stopping him throwing all that
darn toilet paper. And I said, I said, I hope we
don't, I just don't believe we got a lot of toilet
paper on the train today. I didn't explain to him.
And he was just shocked. He says, I just hope we
haven't overlooked that thing. I said, oh no, no, I
should have explained myself. I said, I don't
think the boys are all loaded down with toilet
paper so they can throw up this football game.
Oh we managed to get rid of the toilet paper without
any problem much. The student body was pretty
reasonable in that thing. All right now but the
first Friday night here they had they aired out the
freshmen. They'd get their belts and boy they had
belt them as far as they could do it until they ran
them clear off the campus and they don't you show up
here till tomorrow. Well I don't know. I went along
with them. But after the next, the second year now,
second year after they aired them out, I went out
there and I said, now all right now boys, that's
just, you got them all gone now, let's air them in.
Let's air them in. And they cooperated with me. We
all got together and they agreed with me, fine,
it's a good thing too to air them in. And what did
that mean, air them in? Bring them back and let them
sleep in their own beds. which for years they
hadn't been allowed to, first Friday night at the
yellow practice, first yellow practice. Now
that's the end of the second year, but now in the
second year there was one, and I was, I tried to talk
them out of it, but there's one man named Frank
Slacker, thank goodness, he wouldn't let his boys
He wouldn't let anybody run in one of his freshmen
out of his dormitory. He's the first. He was a
cadet? He would not let them air out. They didn't
have to air out. He just said it's the foolishness.
But now, also, also, the air go down here, the train
comes down here. The freshman class is down there,
all of them with brooms, and they hold the train up
while they sweep out the trains. That's a fine
thing for a big college to be doing, isn't it?
Somebody had to challenge this outfit. I was
having a hard time getting freshmen to come and to
stay here. I've got an opportunity now to do
something about it. And Harry Boyer said, boy, you
were the toughest commandant I ever saw. I didn't
last but two years. We had a lot of confrontations.
Now, for instance, you had to do something like
this. They tell me that I passed through the campus
last night and somebody was drilling the boys at 3
o'clock. So I go up there and find out what's going
on. Sophomore out drilling the freshman at 2 or 3
o'clock in the morning. Well, I got out an order.
You can't do that. You just gotta quit doing that.
But they don't pay attention to the orders you get
out. You have to enforce them. So on the night or
two, I went up there about two or three o'clock, and
here was some sophomore out drilling the
freshman. I said, all right, sophomore, take
these boys and put them back to bed. You go with me.
We went to woke up the first sergeant. All right,
first sergeant, you come on and wake that damn
captain up. Asked them, why are you doing sleeping
here? The boys out drilling, some darn sophomore
out drilling these boys in here, you're sleeping.
If that happens again, Bud, you're gonna get up and
drill them while the freshmen sleep. No more done.
It stops, you see, it stops. The carrier food, now
this, we're nearing the end of my second year now.
The next thing happens, All these years I've been
ramming fresh, I've been having in force rounds
for freshmen for taking food out of the mess hall.
Freshmen don't need breakfast, they eat
breakfast. But they take it to some boy that wants
to sleep and have something to eat. So he makes a
freshman bring him some food. Old John King
catches him and gives him eight demerits. I send
for the darn freshman and I say, freshman, I'm not
gonna go ask you anything. You'd have to lie to me.
You wouldn't dare tell me who you did that for,
because that is the one percent that cannot be
pardoned for in this Corps, is to squeal on an
upperclassman. But when you're a sophomore next
year, doggone you, I'd be mad enough to come over
here and tell me you made the freshman. I'm not
doing too much for you. And I won't do anything for
the freshman. They don't pay attention to you.
They just go on and do it, so I have to act again. What
did you do? Well, here's the company that one of his
freshmen yesterday was turned in for, had food on
him. They're standing here ready to go to some
dinner. This captain is one of my finest friends,
but he wasn't thin because I was captain You're
going to stand here until you rot or fall out or I
will fall out one because you're not going to move.
You're not going to dinner today until that man
steps out that made that freshman. I've got out an
order that that's going to stop and now I'm
stopping it. I'm going to find out in your outfit
who made that freshman. Take that. I won't tell you
what I'm going to do to him or what I'm going to do to
him if you walk off. But you better not do it, boy."
They stood there for 15 or 20 minutes. They got
restless and pretty soon the singers got together
and pretty soon the boy steps out. I said, now for
goodness sake, isn't this a hell of a mess to have to
go through this? Go on, eat your dinner, and I hope
you have a good dinner. Hope you enjoy it. But damn,
it had better not happen again. It didn't happen
anymore, but they threatened to strike because
they said he told us he would enforce our rounds if
we would give the paddle up. I said, I didn't mean if
you make him break the college regulation then you
ought to be sensible enough to know that that
wasn't included in that promise. But the
president of the college called my attention to
the fact that I had. The board of directors laughed
at him sleeping out the train.
Everybody that ever tried to do anything had
nothing to do with him taking food out of the mess
hall. Things are just in that shape. And the school
not growing. And I'm not doing too well in my sport.
And I've got a chance to do something for this
college. I've never talked to anybody like this
before. It's going to put it in print. I want you to
put it in print. Oh, we will. Now listen, they've
just got through naming that track for me down
there. I know, I know. I'm the only coach that ever
came here and never did quit and never was fired.
And for that reason, they make me the first man that
they take into the Hall of Fame. But they can fire me
for making this talk.
But if they do this all right with me, no, it
wouldn't be all right with me, but I mean, I
wouldn't change any part of
it. Now, the captain of that team, No, tell me more
about the Corps of Cadets. Let me say, we walked off
with this team with my best wishes. Mm-hmm.